Partner Manager Overview Enhancements (#195)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* Managing the activity of the business transactions with your trading partners
* Optimizing backend services and performance

== Before You Begin Using Partner Manager

Before you begin using Partner Manager, you must have:

> * An Anypoint Platform user account with the Anypoint Partner Manager entitlement

Reviewer: Do you need Anypoint in front of PM here?

Author: Anypoint is in the first paragraph so it is not needed here, but I removed it from other occurrences.

> * The Partner Manager Administrator role, which assigns permission levels for to all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environments (production or  sandbox)

Reviewer: Roles are deprecated in favor of teams. See Sara for info.

> * The Partner Manager Administrator role, which assigns permission levels for to all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environments (production or  sandbox)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Partner Manager Administrator role, which assigns permission levels to all users who need access to B2B message flows in their environments (production or sandbox)
```

* The required Mule vCore capacity to manage your B2B transaction workload needs

> * Storage for the B2B transmission payloads you send or receive, such as a database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on

Reviewer: I think, if you use "such as", you don't need "and so on".

* Licenses for the AS2, EDIFACT, or X12 connectors used in your B2B message flows
* Anypoint Studio 7.4 or later

> Also, you must be familiar with EDI message formats and should know how to create DataWeave maps to use for performing data transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Familiarity with EDI message formats
* Ability to create DataWeave maps to use for performing data transformations
```

> == Partner Manager Concepts

Reviewer: I would love to avoid "Concept" in headings.

To use Partner Manager, you must understand the following concepts:

> ===== host

Reviewer: This is an H5 after an H2.

Maybe a definition list instead? Or a bullet list with hanging paragraphs?

Reviewer: Why are these H5s lowercase? If they're headings, shouldn't they use our standard capitalization?

Author: I tried a definition list and it looked terrible. I think an H2 is too prominent for a glossary term. As for the bullet idea, some of the entries have too much text for a bullet.

Reviewer: This is an A11Y issue. Screen reader software relies on proper heading-level nesting.
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=MTDT&title=Writing+for+Accessibility#WritingforAccessibility-Headings

> Your Anypoint platform or business group. A Partner Manager implementation has a single host for which you define a host profile.

Reviewer: I don't understand this first sentence. Should "platform" be init cap - is it referring to Anypoint Platform?

===== partners
The trading partners with whom you send and receive B2B transmissions. You define a partner profile for each partner in your B2B ecosystem.

===== payload storage API

An API that provides Partner Manager with a standardized way to connect to your solution for storing transmission content.

===== message flows

> The paths along which a B2B message travels from its source, through a DataWeave translation map, to its target. There are two types of message flows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The paths along which a B2B message travels from its source, through a DataWeave translation map, to its target. The two types of message flows are:
```

* Inbound message flows
+
Inbound message flows receive messages from partners, including messages that go through third-party connections. When you create an inbound message flow, you can validate and transform the inbound messages and then send them to your backend applications.
* Outbound message flows
+

> Outbound message flows receive messages from your backend applications, validate and transform these messages to the format your partners expect, and then send them to your partners either directly, or through third-party connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outbound message flows receive messages from your backend applications, validate and transform these messages to the format your partners expect, and then send them to your partners, either directly or through third-party connections.
```

+
Send to Partners
+
Target endpoint in an outbound message flow through which transformed B2B messages are sent to the partners either directly or via third-party connections

[[message-types]]
===== message types

Define the structure of the transactions that Partner Manager receives or sends. Partner Manager supports the following message types:
	
* Receive from Partners
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that partners or third-party connections send to the host through inbound message flows. You can define <<custom-attributes,custom message attributes>> for this message type.
+
* Target at Host
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the host sends to the backend through inbound message flows.
+
Source at Host 
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the backend sends to the host through outbound message flows. You can define custom message attributes for this message type.
+
* Send to Partners
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the host sends to partners or third-party connections through outbound message flows.

[[identifiers]]
===== sender and receiver identifiers

> Identifiers in AS2, EDIFACT, and X12 transactions that identify the message senders and receivers. For X12 messages, the identifiers in the ISA and GS headers provide information that identifies the appropriate flow to use to process the transaction.

Reviewer: do you need "to use" here?

[[custom-attributes]]
===== custom message attributes

> User-defined attributes that you can associate with a Receive from Partners or Source at Host message type. Using these attributes enables you to have visibility into the full lifecycle of your B2B workflow.

Reviewer: enables you to have -> provides

[[translation-maps]]
===== translation maps

DataWeave maps that transform business transactions between your partner’s message formats and your organization’s enterprise application message formats. You create the maps in Anypoint Studio and import them into Partner Manager when you configure message flows.

===== templates

> Prebuilt templates that convert your B2B message flow configurations into runtime applications. When MuleSoft upgrades a template, you can upgrade your message flows to use them to take advantage of new capabilities that enable better integration with your trading partner’s ecosystem.

Reviewer: remove "to use them"?

+
* Target at Host
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the host sends to the backend through inbound message flows.
+
Source at Host 
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the backend sends to the host through outbound message flows. You can define custom message attributes for this message type.
+
* Send to Partners
+
Defines the structure of the transactions that the host sends to partners or third-party connections through outbound message flows.

[[identifiers]]
=== Sender and Receiver Identifiers

Identifiers in AS2, EDIFACT, and X12 transactions that identify the message senders and receivers. For X12 messages, the identifiers in the ISA and GS headers provide information that identifies the appropriate flow to process the transaction.

[[custom-attributes]]
=== Custom Message Attributes

User-defined attributes that you can associate with a Receive from Partners or Source at Host message type. Using these attributes provides visibility into the full lifecycle of your B2B workflow.

[[translation-maps]]
=== Translation Maps

> DataWeave maps that transform business transactions between your partner’s message formats and your organization’s enterprise application message formats. You create the maps in Studio and import them into Partner Manager when you configure message flows.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataWeave maps transform business transactions between your partner’s message formats and your organization’s enterprise application message formats. You create the maps in Studio and import them into Partner Manager when you configure message flows.
```
